this is a video review of the
Transformers form age of extinction flip
and change Grimlock figure I'm not super
excited about this figure I'm when I
first saw the videos of this thing in
from Toy Fair but that was actually kind
of neat but I also kind of thought this
figure would have poseability and that
the transformation gimmick would
actually work well and it it doesn't now
here we have the t-rex mode and the
sculpting on it's nice but the
proportions and aren't quite there I
mean the upper body over here is nice
except for this gap right here which
you're never going to be able to solve
no matter what you do and that part
looks nice but the legs are just too
long and because this is there in a
robot mode configuration just straight
down if the thought had been forward and
he could bend his knees and his ankles
skin to a more crouched pose he will
look better but this is like a transfers
Rick's stepping on his tippy toes and it
just doesn't work very well
now the actual transformation can make
you do with this guy it kind of sucks
cuz stuff just bangs into other stuff
and you can't really see what's
happening until after it's done now to
start this off you want to rotate these
arms up like this because otherwise they
will get in the way of everything and
being all over the place you want to
split the transference record or else
this tab connection right here will keep
the transformation from working and just
hear this awful grinding noise as the
ears
can't actually move past each other and
then you want to split the tail like
this and I don't quite have enough room
to do this right I'm gonna try but what
you do is you just swing him around on
this tail like this and what you do is
you swing him forward for robot mode and
as you can see stuffs already banging
into other stuff when you swing on
forward and it's not part of this is I
can't get the room but also just stuff
banging into other stuff but you swing
him go forward so we import for the
robot mode and it's just awful and you
can't see what you're doing until it's
done and then when it is done you fold
these down like that when it is done the
final result is
just kind of ugly because it's not very
well proportioned he has his super long
legs that look kinda chunky they don't
look very good they are just too big for
his body his chest plate here this is
actually connect to his chest his arms
here are just so you see screws and the
hidden detail that doesn't look very
good just very flat and there's just
nothing to this guy he's just a very
disproportionate mess now for
articulation you do get elbows that Bend
and a swivel above the elbow but that's
about it you do get this stuff that
moves around but it's all spring-loaded
so you can't do anything with it and
it's just overall not a good toy because
the t-rex pose okay I guess we can't do
anything with the except move these
little arms the transformation is awful
because stuff just bangs into other
stuff it doesn't work it literally does
not work and then the robot mode looks
bad and it's you can't do anything with
it either except for remove the tiny
arms again so there is nothing redeeming
about this figure I do not recommend it
especially not for it's a price point
like I don't have them here but the one
step change Verma is a much better
figure a much better price so I'd
recommend that way more than I recommend
this anyway um there's been a video
review of the transformers 4 age of
extinction flip and change Grimlock
figure a review transformers Power
Rangers Digimon tobots Macross figures
lots of stuff like that if any of that
sounds interesting please subscribe and
I've got some links in the video
description down below a Facebook link
and some playlists check those out thank
you for watching